OSDOCS-7985: Adding warning about scaling to 0 (#66118)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dr-hosted-cluster-within-aws-region-delete.adoc

. Scale the `deployment` and `statefulset` objects by entering these commands:
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Do not scale the stateful set if the value of its `spec.persistentVolumeClaimRetentionPolicy.whenScaled` field is set to `Delete`, because this could lead to loss of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not scale the stateful set if the value of its `spec.persistentVolumeClaimRetentionPolicy.whenScaled` field is set to `Delete`, because this could lead to a loss of data.
```

> Do not scale the stateful set if the value of its `spec.persistentVolumeClaimRetentionPolicy.whenScaled` field is set to `Delete`, because this could lead to a loss of data.

Reviewer 2: @atiratree should we add since `StatefulSetAutoDeletePVC feature on by default` from 4.14 do not scale the stateful set ? WDYT ?

Reviewer 3: I think mentioning the feature gate is not necessary. If they do not find the field (e.g. in earlier version) then everything is fine and they can skip the warning.

Author: This warning is only being applied to 4.14, so they shouldn't even see this warning in earlier versions. I agree that mentioning the feature gate is likely unnecessary here

Reviewer 2: Thank you both !!

> Do not scale the stateful set to 0 if the value of its `spec.persistentVolumeClaimRetentionPolicy.whenScaled` field is set to `Delete`, because this could lead to loss of data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Do not scale the stateful set if the value of its `spec.persistentVolumeClaimRetentionPolicy.whenScaled` field is set to `Delete`, because this could lead to loss of data.
```

Or we could say do not down scale the stateful set as this applies for any lower value than current replicas.

Author: Thanks, updated!

> As a workaround, update the value of the `spec.persistentVolumeClaimRetentionPolicy.whenScaled` field to `Retain`. However, you must ensure that no controllers exist that reconcile the stateful set and would return the value back to `Delete`, which could lead to loss of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a workaround, update the value of the `spec.persistentVolumeClaimRetentionPolicy.whenScaled` field to `Retain`. Make sure that no controllers exist that reconcile the stateful set and would return the value back to `Delete`, which could lead to a loss of data.
```
